# 26-10-2023

## The Adventure
[[Cast of Characters#^046d3d|Kardon]] and [[Cast of Characters#^f52beb|Jessica]] (mayor's niece) have fled towards the coast.
Mayor's convinced she was kidnapped.
10 years ago [[Cast of Characters#^046d3d|Kardon]] arrived. He's not local.
No hints of foul play previously.

[[Cast of Characters#^3db074|Ashton]] was his manservant. He has been arrested and thrown in jail. We are denied access to him.

[[Locations#Dragmore|Dragmore]] and Leilon (a city) - road marked not the most direct route
Heading for abandoned keep outside leyland.
Recruiting us as bounty hunters. Reward of 500gp for him alive. Lease of the [[Locations#Long Tooth Tavern|Long Tooth Tavern]]. 50% profit share with council.

Annie is our new potential manager of the Inn.

Council of nobles rule the region. We don't know any details about them.

Mimic
Pouch containing 100gp
Crumpled letter - appears to be correspondence between [[Cast of Characters#^046d3d|Kardon]] and unknown correspondent.
Mentions escape to Leilon and escape on a ship. It's advice given to Leilon.
Steel Mirror - sentimental? May have belonged to [[Cast of Characters#^f52beb|Jessica]]? Has [[Cast of Characters#^f52beb|Jessica's]] initials engraved in it.

In the tent:
Bedroll
Sack with provisions
Parchment - map - damaged. Rough sketch of local area.


We make it to keep north of Leilon
Fight Banshee.
Cave with Banshee has nothing of value in it.


Fight Githyanki and [[Cast of Characters#^046d3d|Kardon]]. [[Cast of Characters#^046d3d|Kardon]] escapes in an airship.

Make it to Leilon. Two ships leaving in the morning. One going north, one going south. One leaving tonight going south.

[[Cast of Characters#^b4e9b5|Rorik Seastrider Blackthorn]] - the captain of the Mermaid's Grace
[[Cast of Characters#^282de1|Sarah Stormrider]] - first mate of same
[[Cast of Characters#^0e33bf|Kalis Seabreeze]] - Navigator of same
[[Cast of Characters#^ea73e2|Grumblehook]] the ship's cook

[[Cast of Characters#^bc073a|Lady Isolda Waterford]] - passenger on the ship
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] is chatting her up / trying to work out how loaded she is. She's very loaded.
Invites [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] to come and stay with her.
Sleeps with her. 😳
Storm starts.
Boat is invaded by baddies.
Fight with Sea Spawn and Water Elemental
Boat capsizes as it grounds on the shore.

NOTE FOR FUTURE Keep equipment cards sorted into those that are on you and those which are packed

Shore is shrouded in mist. Sinister forest.
Black carriage with sinister figure near it seen and then vanished into the mist.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] shot and killed a raven which wasn't a raven (after it was killed, the body became human).

We walked inland. Came across two weirdly happy people walking the opposite way to us.
We stole their horse. They are apparently members of a group known as [[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]].
[[[[Cast of Characters]]#^8af613|[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]]"The Beanstalk" Grumbleton]] cast Speak with Animals on it and lured it away with an apple.
We found a body clutching a letter which has revealed the land is in the grip of a powerful Vampire, and invites "powerful holy men" to cleanse it.
