# 30-11-2023
We've been asked to put the [[Cast of Characters#^84134c|burgomaster]] to rest.
By [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]]- daughter of the [[Cast of Characters#^84134c|burgomaster]].
Baron governs the village of [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]].
Baron might have a way to protect people from [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]].

[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] won't say if she wants to go or not.
Father died of fear maybe?

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] has "accidentally" broken a chair and handed one of the broken legs to
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] to use as a stake.

We decide to stay at the mansion instead of retreating to our air bnb.
We are served dinner, [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] doesn't eat.

We are to inter the mayor at the graveyard.

[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] was a foundling.

Goodberry cast when alone works ok.

We get a long rest.

We take the [[Cast of Characters#^84134c|burgomaster's]] body to the church.

The church is a shambles inside.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] collects more broken wood from the church to use as stakes.
The ceremony is interrupted by a voice complaining about hunger, apparently from
beneath the floor boards.

[[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] (we assume) turns up as we're burying the body in the graveyard.

We leave the town with [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] going to the village of [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]]

We end up at [[Cast of Characters#^79132e|Madam Eva's]] encampment without incident on the way.
The mayor was called [[Cast of Characters#^84134c|Kolyan]].

Bishop, Paladin, Healer, Templar, Executioner

| Left | Middle | Right |
| ---- | ------ | ----- |
|      | 2      |       |
| 1    | 5      | 3     |
|      | 4      |       |

1: This card tells of history, Knowledge of the ancient will help you better understand your enemy.
   What you seek lies in a pile of treasure, beyond a set of amber doors.

2: This card tells of a powerful force for good and protection, a holy symbol of great hope.
   I see a sleeping prince, a servant of light and the brother of darkness. The treasure lies with him.

3: This is a card of power and strength. It tells of a weapon of vengeance: a sword of sunlight
   Look to the west. Find a pool blessed by the light of the white sun.

4: This card sheds light on one who will help you greatly in the battle against darkness.
   I see a child - a [[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]]. You must hurry, for her fate hangs in the balance. Find her at the lake.

5: Your enemy is a creature of darkness, whose powers are beyond mortality. This card will lead you to him.
   I see a dark figure on a balcony, looking down upon this tortured land with a twisted smile.

[[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] took a consort named Tatyana.
[[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] betrayed his brother and killed him.
Dark powers took him and his land and placed it eternally here.
The land and the people are here to taunt [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]].

