Harsh words are exchanged between [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] and [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]]. Grond repents his throwing the statue into the lake. [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] is still without remorse. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] claims [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron's]] word is worth as much as [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank's]]. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] claims his primary goal is still only to leave Barovia. He says [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank's]] concerns are "petty". 

We repair the statue at the lake.
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] conducts a ritual to reconsecrate the statue to Lathander - during which he communes directly with his own deity Tymora. He passes out briefly afterwards, and as he wakes, a faint halo appears around his head briefly. The statue glows briefly as it is restored to it's place on the edge of the lake.

The towns people forgive the party for destroying the gazebo and statue in the face of this act.

[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] attempts to retrieve the needle from the lake. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] and [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] stop him, and take the needle to the local Blacksmith. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] pays him 50gp to destroy the artefact.[^1]



We advance to the abbey. After entering through the gates we are confronted with by two of the mongrelfolk. We are asked if we have an appointment. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] tells them we have an appointment with [[Cast of Characters#^274271|the Abbot]]. There are distant screams coming from the abbey buildings. [[Cast of Characters#^ac1bb8|Saint Martikov's]] name is on a copper plaque above the doors to the main building.

[[Cast of Characters#^31a3f9|Otto]] and [[Cast of Characters#^22b9c9|Siegfried]] are the mongrelfolk's names.

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] asks what the screaming is about, and is told it's hunger or boredom.

The guards we've been seeing throughout are actually scarecrows made to look like guards.

The mongrelfolk ask us "not to feed them" in response to more questions about the screams.

We meet with [[Cast of Characters#^274271|the Abbot]]. He claims that destroying [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] is the wrong way forward - and that he seeks instead to redeem [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]. He thinks by supplying a bride for him, that [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd's]] curse will be lifted. He has created a flesh golem bride for [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]. He will not be persuaded that [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] will be uninterested in this bride because he is currently obsessed with [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]].

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] casts "Detect Good or Evil" and discovers that [[Cast of Characters#^274271|the Abbot]] is a celestial. [[Cast of Characters#^274271|The Abbot]] says he is here to serve the Morning Lord.  He says his early experiments went awry - but he's trying to fix it. 

[[Cast of Characters#^6e4245|Vassilica]] is the construct's name. She doesn't look anything like [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vanilla von Horse]].

[[Cast of Characters#^ac1bb8|Saint Martikov]] held out here against [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd's]] armies until eventually they were destroyed. Many perished with them. The Bellview family survived. The mongrelfolk are all members of the family.

The abbot asks us to go to [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]] and get the wedding dress.

We leave the abbey, and [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] reveals what he learned of [[Cast of Characters#^274271|the Abbot's]] nature to the rest of the party. Most are not happy to have left without dealing with him, but accept the wisdom of trying to combat someone who is likely beyond their power currently.

[^1]: David needs to talk to Duncan about [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] failing a saving throw when the artefact is destroyed.
