As we descend from the Abbey - we see the villagers preparing a feast for us.

There is discussion about where we go next. We propose accepting the mission for the wedding dress - but want to leave the [[Cast of Characters#^dabc5c|burgomaster's wife]] here.

[[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] still wants us to go back to [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]] - we all think that's a bad idea. Still.

We promise [[Cast of Characters#^727c68|Dmitri]] that will we get the Wedding Dress for him. We convince him that his [[Cast of Characters#^dabc5c|wife]] should stay here. We have a budget of 100 gp. We have planned to speak to [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] for advice on buying the best that we can for that price.

We enjoy our lunch - there's more background info given to us about the history of [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]] and the abbey. This includes mention of the Bellview family. They also talk about wolves north of the village. There is talk of losing children to the wilds.  We agree to perhaps look into the wolves preying on [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]] after we leave.

We set off into the forests aiming to find a wolf lair. Eventually we find a trail and decide to follow it. This leads us to a clearing. We find two humans who grin at us and ask if we're travellers from [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]]. Then a bunch of dire wolves appear. And more humans.

The leader of the humans asks [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] to join them. Saying they will offer him freedom and strength. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] tells them to release the children and that if they do they can go free. One of them slaps one of the three children they have in their midst. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] offers single combat. The five humans who aren't the leader are fans of this idea and encourage their leader to accept.

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] wins his battle easily - despite one of the Dire Wolves joining in, which [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] knocks out. He takes control of most of the pack - ordering them to kill the one holdout. 

One the children runs to [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]]. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] attempts to revive the unconscious Dire Wolf and tame it.

[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] attempts to go in and get the other children. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] sends the child he has over to [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]]. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] goes with [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] to the other children. They are rescued.

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] successfully tames the Dire Wolf. He attempts to feed it body parts from two of the dead werewolves. It refuses. He then gives it a piece of meat that [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] handed him. It eats that.

We take the children back to [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]]. The people of the village are quite happy. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] stays outside with his new pet. They turf two brothers out of their house for the night for us to stay in. The burgomaster tries to give us his last bottle of wine. He wants us to bring [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] and his new pet into town. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] and Clank try to talk him out of it. 

