We join our heroes at the camp site with the body.

We are near the town of [[Locations#Barovia|Barovia]].

Dead body - evidence of being killed by wolves.
Mid thirties. Hard life. Very pale skin.

[[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]] - Horse wants to find them again.

We arrive at the village the horse told us about.
A raven tells us "Welcome to [[Locations#Barovia|Barovia]]".

The village is called [[Locations#Barovia|Barovia]]. Collection of decrepit buildings, but used to be opulent.
Ravens are around, cawing.

Nobody around as we walk in.
We've arrived at around midday.

Someone is crying in one of the buildings as we go past. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] and [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] go to investigate.
We knock.
Windows are boarded up.
A lady asks who we are.
She comes and opens the door.
She's clutching a doll.
She refers to her beloved [[Cast of Characters#^aac052|Betruna]].
Blinksy is the doll's name.
She brings out a rotten sack. Might have been canvas once. A sickly grey colour.
The lady's name is [[Cast of Characters#^984f84|Mary]].
Initially she won't say who her daughter has gone to.
Eventually she says she thinks [[Cast of Characters#^aac052|Betruna]] has gone to Lord [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]. #SIDEQUEST 
Tag on the doll says "is no fun, is no Blinsky"

Town of [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]] might be safe (there's a rumour, not a guarantee)

Blood on the Vine - Inn nearby.
Zombies.
Wolves and Animals.

[[Cast of Characters#^9d2f36|Morgantha]] feeds us pastries.
They might be bad.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] and [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] get high as fuck.
Yep. That's what happened.

Some woman gives her child to [[Cast of Characters#^9d2f36|Morgantha]].
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] casts Detect Magic and finds out [[Cast of Characters#^9d2f36|Morgantha]] is transmuted.
He attacks her.
Fight ensues - she transforms into a [[Creatures Encountered#^c4c27e|Night Hag]].
[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] wakes up [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] with a Vitality Potion.
She escapes via some sort of teleport spell. #SIDEQUEST 
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] and [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] go to speak to the mother. Turns out her the husband are
junkies and have traded their kid for drugs. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] guilts her into
taking the child back.

[[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]] in the pub
[[Cast of Characters#^44c30b|Mirabel]]
[[Cast of Characters#^38713f|Alenka]]
[[Cast of Characters#^7037de|Sorba]]

[[Cast of Characters#^79132e|Madam Eva]] - the matriarch of the [[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]] - camp to the west of the village.

Dude in corner of pub wants to talk to us.
He's telling us he's the [[Cast of Characters#^84134c|burgomaster's]] son.
He wants us to go to his house.
He also wants us to escort his sister [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] - the one mentioned in the letter we found.
Take [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] to the town of [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]].
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] is deeply suspicious of him.
Instructed to knock 5 times.

[[Locations#Vildruth Mercantile|Vildruth Mercantile]] - the only place to buy stuff.
[[Cast of Characters#^36f369|Father Donavitch]] - worships the morning lord. Lathandar.

We go shopping. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] is bored.

We go to the Church.
It is locked.
We knock.
Door opens.
[[Cast of Characters#^36f369|Priest]] sends us packing with no explanation.

We find an abandoned house and [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] blows the door off it's hinges.
We find another abandoned house and appropriate it.
We go to the burgomaster's house.
[[Cast of Characters#^e8a79e|Ismark]] (the son).
[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] (the daughter)
