We arrive at [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]]

We are stopped by some very slow guards. They write everyone's names down except for Clank's.
[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin's]] alias is 'A'
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron's]] is 'X' (he's paid 2gp for the privilege)
[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] is known as 'Cunt' 😀

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] tried to pick up some hookers. Doesn't look like it goes well.
Turns out they're not hookers.
We're invited to Book Club - ask for [[Cast of Characters#^291024|Lady Wachter]]. They meet in two days. We're invited to bring a book.

[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] searches for signs of a local thieves guild. Doesn't see anything, but does find a note
of some sort blowing along the street.

Town square contents:
[[Locations#Freedrick's Tailoring|Freedrick's Tailoring]]
[[Locations#Walpole's Book Store|Walpole's Book Store]]

[[Cast of Characters#^2f88ff|Danika]] welcomes us to the [[Locations#Blue Water Inn|Blue Water Inn]].
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] pays 5gp to her - this is more than enough for all the food and drinks for everyone.
Tatyana ([[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]'s consort)- looks like [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]]
There are no [[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]] in [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]]- they're not welcome here.
There might be a [[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]] half-cast somewhere. - [[Cast of Characters#^6ee5be|Anya the herbalist]] - half-elf, half-[[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]].
She was accused of witchcraft before.
[[Cast of Characters#^a3a9d2|Father Lucian Petrovich]] - He minds the church of St. Andral's, we should take [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] there.
[[Cast of Characters#^2f88ff|Danika]] wants us to investigate the Wizard of the Wines as the flow of wine to the rest of Barovia has ceased, and it's the only thing keeping people sane.  #SIDEQUEST

We arrive at the church. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] introduces [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] as 'Ribena' to the pastor.
He shuts the door to the church so we can't go in, but steps outside to speak to us.
He tells us their relic has been stolen, the bones of St. Andral.
It means the sanctuary of the church is weakened.
He wants us to find them. #SIDEQUEST
We should be discrete. Doh.
He suspects his Gardener [[Cast of Characters#^e36399|Milovij]] of having something to do with their disappearance.
[[Cast of Characters#^f76b54|Yaska]] the altar girl was told about the bones and where they were kept.
After questioning [[Cast of Characters#^e36399|Milovij]], we are told "[[Cast of Characters#^9ebae0|Henrik]]" told the gardener to steal them.
[[Cast of Characters#^9ebae0|Henrik van de Voort]] at the stables by the coffin maker's shop.
[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] was upset at the mention of the name [[Cast of Characters#^5f675b|Izek]]
.

