We awake at 5:30 am - [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] is still outside the village walls with [[Cast of Characters#^84defb|Mr. Snuggles]] his pet Dire wolf.

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank's]] "dreams" were disturbed by visions of the Morning Lord, and [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]] as a bright happy place.
Then [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] arrived and things went downhill. The Abbot was in the dream. At the last minute communication from the ML is an admonition to help his people.

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] casts speak with animals, and introduces himself to his dire wolf. It informs him its name is "[[Cast of Characters#^84defb|Mr. Snuggles]]". It says it has no friends, only master. It tells [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] not to touch him (inappropriately or otherwise). 

We all leave [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]]. 

We stop about 3 hours out of [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]] for [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] to cast Detect Magic (coin given to her before we left [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]] by shifty looking villagers.)

Then we head south again, and find out our map readers are bad at reading maps.

We arrive at a crumbly old castle with a statue of a dragon in the courtyard.

We go to the door of the castle "Argynvostholt" is carved into the lintel.

As [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]], Clank, [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] and [[Cast of Characters#^84defb|Mr. Snuggles]] approach the door, the stone dragon's mouth opens behind us and we feel a gust of cold air.

A vistani rocks up outside with a cart with a coffin in it. [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] and [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] go to investigate and find the coffin has [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]]'s name on it. [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] starts a fire under it.

Two swarms of bats escape from the collapsing coffin, and then two revenants appear inside the castle where the rest of the party are. [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] dispatches one of the bat swarms with his psychic blades, [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] damages the second one, but doesn't destroy them until after they've attacked him, whereupon his hellish rebuke finishes them off.


