## The Cast
[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] - Monk - Quiet sort. On a mission to recovery items stolen from his home monastery.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] - Tiefling - Warlock - signed a pact with "The Fiend".
[[[[Cast of Characters]]#^8af613|[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]]"The Beanstalk" Grumbleton]] - Dwarf Barbarian
[[Cast of Characters#^243771|Sash Pawmaker]] - Tabaxi Artificier
## Background
We started out in [[Locations#Neverwinter|Neverwinter]], where we had all failed in a contest for apprentices.

## The Adventure
[[Cast of Characters#^046d3d|Kardon]]

[[Locations#Dragmore|Dragmore]] - wyrmling - blue.
[[Cast of Characters#^3db074|Ashton]] - recruiter.

We are heading for the [[Locations#Long Tooth Tavern|Long Tooth Tavern]] in [[Locations#Dragmore|Dragmore]] - which mined platinum back in the day.

[[Cast of Characters#^046d3d|Kardon]] - We're not the first team through - not all of them died.
[[Cast of Characters#^f67796|Cynthia]] - Lady serving grapes. Library?
NPC Monk : Not important as far as I'm concerned.

[[Cast of Characters#^209dae|Mayor - Gaiden]] - Sleazy - wants to buy [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]].
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] - Been paid 250gp. Shared with the party except for Sash Pawmaker.

Up the road, go left - up the hill.
We're attacked by [[Creatures Encountered#^c8fad1|Kobolds]] and a [[Creatures Encountered#^3f0988|Hobgoblin]] on the way.
We find a dead body with an empty coin purse, a backpack with two days rations, broken short sword, and journal with songs about [[Cast of Characters#^f67796|Cynthia]].
Poem to Abigail.

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] takes the Journal.

Dragon dead.
Healing potion left.

Inn keeper is a traitor. He's trying to escape on a ship.
