We're still at the tower.

There's a lift inside powered by [[Creatures Encountered#^c07443|golems]] which [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] has worked out how to use.

The cart outside has defeated our efforts to inspect it.

[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] may be experiencing pie withdrawal symptoms.
[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] might be too.

Command word for the elevator is "Khazan".

[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] and [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] are first up on the elevator. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] encounters some spiderwebs on the way up.
There are spiderwebs everywhere - rotten wood, the floor is partially collapsed.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] gets off the lift at the first floor, and falls through the boards. He nearly lands on [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]].
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] makes an amazing Dexterity saving throw and gets out of the way. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] takes damage.

[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] continues up on the lift.
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] moves into the vestibule to avoid any more falling characters.

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] recalls the lift down. [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] gets off at the first floor.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] and [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] then get on the lift, after [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] has dropped his pack, and go to the top floor.
[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] joins them on the lift - they all get to the top floor.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] throws some "blue bread" on to the floor to see if there's a trap. Nothing happens.
[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] steps off the lift and starts checking the desk. He finds a small extract from a journal.

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] starts trying to dismantle a suit of armour. He fails. He pushes it over.
It falls.

[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] opens the chest in the room, and pulls out a severed head. He holds it up.
It's a [[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]] head. [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] decides to keep it. He ties it to his belt.

[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] takes the elevator down.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] drags the armour to the lift shaft. He throws it into the shaft and rides it down.
[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] senses it in time and dives out of the way.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] and the armour impact the lift and breaks it. He takes damage.
He then falls through the lift another 20ft. He is left with 9 hp.

Long story short - the tower collapses.
One of the [[Creatures Encountered#^c07443|golems]] wakes up.

[[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda d'Avenir]] greets us outside. She is pissed off. She is injured.
She is mad at us.
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] casts Healing Word on her to try to gain her trust.
We tell her about the journal that [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] found.
She says her master is the greatest vampire hunter in existence.

She goes into her cart and starts throwing weapons and equipment.
Plus a fine dress, two spell scrolls, and then comes back out again.
