Let me start by saying that there are definitely elements about the decisions I've made regarding what Clank's reactions were likely to be to what occurred last session, that make me - Bryan, quite uncomfortable.

It's been my experience sadly, that intra-party conflict tends to bleed over into real life. Indeed, I left the last campaign I was playing before I departed the UK for that reason. In that case, I think the situation was a bit more extreme - in that my decision came about because one of the players had gone into the campaign with the idea that they _wanted_ to play a characters whose actions and views were definitely going to go against the rest of the party's - the conflict grew out of that player then choosing to complain to the DM about the way my character was treating his in the game, and that I was spoiling his fun. So rather than get into a big showdown about it - and also partly because I knew I was going to be leaving the country soon anyhow, I decided to stop playing with that group.

I consider it an ongoing honour and privilege to play this game with you guys - and I regard all of you as friends - the first and perhaps best I've made since moving to Australia - so I'm a little bit apprehensive to do anything which might jeopardise that.

All that being said, I've thought long and hard about what happened in the last session - I've watched the entire video that Duncan recorded of the session - and I cannot reconcile my mental picture of Clank's character being anything but abhorred by what he witnessed. To remind anyone that might have only dim recollections of the original introductions we gave - Clank is a Life Domain cleric. The gods of life promote vitality and health through healing the sick and wounded, caring for those in need, and driving away the forces of death and undeath. Although he worships the Goddess Tymora, The Lady of Luck - in the Faerûn pantheon, she is closely allied to Lathander - sometimes called The Morning Lord - a god of the sun, and very much one of the gods of life. So to watch somewhere that is _clearly_ sacred to those forces he so strongly identifies with (and perhaps the only such holy place within the whole of Barovia) defiled and profaned by people he thought were his friends has basically turned his world upside down.

