# 29-02-2024
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] / [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] at the Inn

[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] / [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] / [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] at the temple

[[Cast of Characters#^a3a9d2|Father Lucian]] doesn't want us to stand guard too closely over [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]]
We tell him our suspicions of [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]] having stolen the bones.

We all manage to get a long rest!
4th day in Barovia.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] wakes up with his shiny new dragon mark.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] wakes up mildly grumpy and goes downstairs and demands all the breakfast.

[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] meets someone who is taking notes in the inn.
[[Cast of Characters#^301565|Rictavio]] - claims he is a traveller - purveyor of a circus.
He asks how we arrived - isn't surprised we were shipwrecked here. Apparently other people
have arrived in a similar way.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] asks about [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]].
[[Cast of Characters#^301565|Rictavio]] turns it around and asks how we know him - how many times we've met him
and then asks about the Seer.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] focuses him back on the question.
[[Cast of Characters#^301565|Rictavio]] thinks [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]] is ok - but doesn't know him well he says.

---
Church
[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] wakes up first alone in his room.
Then [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] and [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] wake up.
[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] hasn't been bitten in the night. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] is happy.
[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] wants to go see the Baron.
[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] wants to get breakfast.

[[Cast of Characters#^a3a9d2|Father Lucian]] wants us to chase the bones still.
We suggest otherwise.
We suggest letting it be know there will be a ceremony in Vasili's honour to see if he turns up and can enter the church.

As we leave the church we bump into [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]].
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] casts Detect Good and Evil.
[[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]] invites us to dinner, we say there's a mass tonight in his honour.
Then he claims he has to leave town tonight. Then claims he'll be back late so we can come to dinner after all.
He hands us a bag.
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] discovers, that as expected, [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]] is undead.

We try to tell [[Cast of Characters#^a3a9d2|Father Lucian]] this - but he refuses to believe us.
Even though we tell him the gift that [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]] has brought are not the holy bones he gathers them up and takes them to the crypt.
We disregard him for any further advice.

---
Bluewater Inn

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] is still eating his eleventy course breakfast
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] is still chatting to [[Cast of Characters#^301565|Rictavio]].
[[Cast of Characters#^f14870|Wayland]] - a smithy of some skill in the town.

The rest of us arrive.

[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] goes to speak to [[Cast of Characters#^2f88ff|Danika]] the bar keep.

We all sit down for breakfast - [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] notices someone trying to sneak through the bar without
us noticing. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] makes eye contact with him and he gives up the attempt and comes
over to speak to us. He says he has something for us. He's skinny / wiry. He's a little short.

[[Cast of Characters#^291024|Fiona Wachter]] invites us for dinner at Wachterhouse.
The date of the dinner is the Eve of St. Andral's Feast.

Festival of the Blazing Sun is in two days time.
[[Cast of Characters#^2f88ff|Danika]] warns us that the [[Cast of Characters#^33c208|Baron's]]  heart is in the right place - but his methods are not.
She speaks of the souled and soulless again. Both rely on the wine they sell.
They're running low on wine, and asks us to venture to the winery - "Wizard Of Wines"
and investigate where it is. Her [[Cast of Characters#^e366fb|husband]] and his [[Cast of Characters#^565932|father]] are not on speaking terms.
We're given directions to where the winery is - we agree to go. #SIDEQUEST 

Behind Amber Doors - Amber temple - [[Locations#Mount Ghakis|Mount Ghakis]]. #SIDEQUEST
Sleeping Prince - tomb is in the castle. [[Cast of Characters#^2f88ff|Danika]] tells use that [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]'s brother was called [[Cast of Characters#^c102c4|Sergei]]. #SIDEQUEST
[[Locations#Pool of the White Sun|Pool of the white sun]] - [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]]? #SIDEQUEST

[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] told us we had to go shopping.



