# 11-01-2024
We find another traveller on the road, with a camp fire and a tent.
There's a small cart, and a horse.
There's a hunter / woodsman tending to the fire.
[[Cast of Characters#^726628|Waltar Zalcon]] - forages the woods for his family. Dangerous to be on the salvage road at night.
His daughter is missing - [[Cast of Characters#^22a841|Zara Zalcon]] - please rescue her and return her. #SIDEQUEST 

[[Groups#Keepers of the Feather|Keepers of the Feather]] - resistance group against [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] - in [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]]
Shape shifters. Probably ravens. Doh.

We camp for the night.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] kills a rat.

[[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] turns up.
He asks what we want.
We tell him we want [[Cast of Characters#^046d3d|Kardon]].
He says he knows him.
He mocks our choice to chase him.
He disappears.

[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] and [[Cast of Characters#^726628|Waltar]] won't wake up.

A wolf howls in the distance.
A load of wolves turn up.
There's a man draped in wolf pelts.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] throws [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond's]] dead rat at them.

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] speaks to the wolf clad man in druidic.
He delivers a message, and then tells me he is tasked with testing us.

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] casts Toll The Dead on the wolf which ran in to attack [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]]
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] picks up his sword, and goes to find his Rat.

We finish a long rest, and [[Cast of Characters#^726628|Waltar]] disappears.

[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] hasn't heard of the wolf man.

We are assaulted by two Banshees on the trail.
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] turns one of them.
[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] kills the other one.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] finds something in the stone circle they came from.

We are accosted by two men as we arrive at [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]]

[[Cast of Characters#^437960|Szoldar]] & Djani are their names, they are brothers.
They tell us to go to the [[Locations#Blue Water Inn|Blue Water Inn]].
