We start this session at what used to be a tower, and is now a pile of rubble.

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank's]] card from the Taroka drawing is "The Merchant"

[[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] invites us one by one to go and see her near her cart
for an explanation of our cards.

[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] claim's he's pleased with his reading.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] is chuckling when returns from his.
[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] is quiet about his experience.
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank's]] reading makes no sense to him.

We meet an old man called [[Cast of Characters#^565932|Davian]], on the periphery of the vineyard.
He says something about him managing to hang on to one of his gems.
He says [[Cast of Characters#^e366fb|Urwin]] stole the first of his gems.

Purple Grape Mash #3
He produces one bottle and says it's the last of their vintage.
He also produces one bottle of champagne du le stomp.
Red Dragon's Crush.
He tells us about the gems
There were three of them planted in the grounds
Each of them brought life and richness to the ground - pushed away the death and decay of [[Locations#Barovia|Barovia]].
Some years ago, a gem disappeared after a visit from his son [[Cast of Characters#^e366fb|Urwin]]. The vines withered in the top field.
Only two varietals were able to be produced.
Ten days ago, someone (she) sent things in the night. They thought it was another random raid by [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]].
But stole second gem.
Three nights ago, twigs and trees stole the last one.
No champagne has been sent to [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] for two years - because of the missing gem.

We're asked to go clean out the new denizens of the vineyard buildings.
We take a short rest first.

As we approach the buildings [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] spots a large number of [[Creatures Encountered#^5cdc5c|Twig Blights]]
and a somewhat smaller number of [[Creatures Encountered#^ec9690|Vine Blights]] coming towards us.

A fight ensues.

At the end of the session, the fight is not concluded - there are still more
blights coming towards us. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] and [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] are inside the vineyard buildings,
with most of the blights looking like they're going to follow them. Clank,
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] and [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] are still outside in the vineyard itself, trying to whittle
down the remaining blights there.