[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] tells [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] he needs a makeover. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] accepts this grudgingly.

[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] comes downstairs in her regalia for meeting the Baron.
[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] gives [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] a bit of a polish.
She tells the rest of the party that they need to go and buy some new posh clothes.

The streets are well populated.
People are either wearing forced smiles, or are completely expressionless.

We meet one of the suspected hags on the street trying to sell more pies.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] wants to buy one, but we talk him out of it.

We get to the clothing store "[[Locations#Now You Dye|Now you Dye]]".
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] helps [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] peel off his soiled clothes, which are fed to some pigs out the back.

We're told we all need to appear cheerful at all times - by decree from the [[Cast of Characters#^33c208|Baron]].

The proprietor is a member of the book club. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] expresses interest but is told
to shut up about. It's run by [[Cast of Characters#^291024|Lady Wachter]] at her house. There's a secret knock.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] is given the knock by the shop lady.

[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] pays for everyone's fine [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallakian]] Clothes.

We head to the [[Cast of Characters#^33c208|Baron's]] place.
The lady on the door doesn't want to let us in.
[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] talks our way in.
A drunk guard comes to keep us company whilst the door lady goes to see if the [[Cast of Characters#^33c208|Baron]] wants
to see [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]]
We're told the [[Cast of Characters#^33c208|Baron]] will see us.
We all go inside.

The [[Cast of Characters#^33c208|Baron]] greets us in a room where he is flanked by two mastiffs.

[[Cast of Characters#^33c208|Baron]] tells us he's heard rumours we're here to save the land.
He tells us his festivals are a beacon of hope.
There's a grumpy looking man named [[Cast of Characters#^5f675b|Izek]] in the room with us.
The [[Cast of Characters#^33c208|Baron]] tells [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] she is welcome to seek refuge with him.

[[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] mentions our dinner invitation by [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]] - the Baron wants to go too.

[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] reveals to the baron what we know of [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]]. The baron doesn't want to
believe it. [[Cast of Characters#^5f675b|Izek]] is getting a bit emotional, believing we think [[Cast of Characters#^2fb60d|Ireena]] should
not remain there (Baron reveals that [[Cast of Characters#^5fd4ae|Vasili]] has an invite to the house and
so can come and go at will).
[[Cast of Characters#^5f675b|Izek]] is revealed to have a demonic left arm. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] insults him. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] is diplomatic.

[[Cast of Characters#^79132e|Madam Eva]] has been prophesising our arrival for years apparently.

[[Cast of Characters#^33c208|He]] invites us to the festival. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] says we might not be here.
[[Cast of Characters#^33c208|He]] thinks we've been asked to go somewhere by Lady Wachter - whom he does
not like.

[[Cast of Characters#^33c208|He]] admits his festival brings forced joy.

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] is under the impression the [[Cast of Characters#^33c208|baron's]] invitation to his festival is meant to be non-optional.

We go potion shopping.
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] buys a healing potion.

[[Cast of Characters#^6ee5be|Anya]] in the potion shop might be a [[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]].

We next go to [[Cast of Characters#^f14870|Wayland]] the Smith.
He knows the Ravens.
[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] wants something like his defender long sword.

Next we go to [[Cast of Characters#^8accae|Blinsky]] toys.
[[Cast of Characters#^8accae|Blinsky]] has a monkey called Picolo.
He remembers the toy we have and Mary, whom he sold it to.
[[Cast of Characters#^aac052|Betruna]], her daughter, had "aspirations of noble hood". Maybe she's gone to the [[Locations#Castle Ravenloft|castle]]?

[[Cast of Characters#^22aba6|Fritz von Weerg]] - is a prisoner of [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] in [[Locations#Castle Ravenloft|Castle Ravenloft]] - he's [[Cast of Characters#^8accae|Blinsky's]] mentor.
We either need to free him or bring one of his clockwork masterpieces back to [[Cast of Characters#^8accae|Blinsky]].
There's a clockwork man in [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd's]] [[Locations#Castle Ravenloft|castle]]. [[Cast of Characters#^8accae|Blinsky]] says he'll give us anything in
return. #SIDEQUEST

We leave [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]] and head toward the [[Locations#Wizard of Wines|Wizard of Wines]].
