# 13-06-2024

Druid in the cellar is despatched in short order.
He is carrying:
- Gnarled vine staff
- Small totem round his neck made of bone and feathers
- Crude bone dagger, stained with dried blood
- Two small phials of dark greenish liquid
- Scroll of 'Entangle'
- Folded square of parchment which turns out to be another map to Yester Hill
- Small hand written note which reads:
  Brother Kael, 
  
  Our efforts to reclaim the land for the true lord of Barovia are progressing. The seed we took from the Wizard of Wines is now in our possession, and it has already begun to awaken the ancient powers of Yester Hill. 
  
  Meet us at Yester Hill as planned. The great ritual will commence under the shadow of the Gulthias Tree. The power of the seed will ensure Strahd's dominion over this land remains unchallenged. Bring any who remain loyal to our cause. 
  
  Do not fail, for the future of our kind depends on this. 
  
  In the Shadow of the Great Tree, 
  [[Cast of Characters#^72a0ea|Druid Althius]].
[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] casts 'Detect Magic' and finds none of the items the Druid carries are magical.

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] picks up four bottles of wine from the cellar, and immediately drinks one of them. It makes him vomit.

[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] goes back upstairs to find [[Cast of Characters#^565932|Davian]] and proceeds to have a thoroughly unproductive conversation with him. He gives up in disgust.

We all decide to leave the [[Locations#Wizard of Wines|winery]] and head directly south west for [[Locations#Yester Hill|Yester Hill]]

After a few hours of travel we arrive at the bottom of the western edge of the hill. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] determines that the stones which circle the hill seem to form some mystical boundary, and persuades the rest of the party to head around the outside rather than walk directly between them. As the party comes in sight of a path which appears to lead between the stones, they are confronted by yet more Blights.