Matt and Emma join as guest players. Matt is playing [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]], and Emma is playing [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]].


[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] goes over to the smoking ruins of the cart / coffin. He inspects the remains of the coffin, and finds an indentation in the lining - the head of which clearly shows that the head that was there had two horns. For some reason he decides to climb into the coffin and lay down in the indentation. He gets out again pretty quickly, and attempts to use his "Control Flames" ability to set fire to the lining of the coffin, but the entire thing is apparently entirely fire proof.

The two revenants speak to those of us instead. Their master is waiting to see us if we wish to.
One of them seems quite depressed and claims there's nothing can be done to change their fate.
The other seems keen for us to see the man in charge.

The knights history is that they fought against [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] and lost. [[Cast of Characters#^366a29|Argynvost]] is the name of the silver dragon, [[Locations#Argynvostholt|Argynvostholt]] is the name of the location.

Despite our claims to having arrived here by mistake they don't believe us for some reason.

Lord [[Cast of Characters#^c4c891|Vladimir]] is the name of their leader.

The "Armed" ([[Cast of Characters#^9cfcf1|Argynstult]]?) revenant slaps the other one ("Arm less") in mid sentence.

The Armed one spots [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]]'s dragon mark as soon as he enters and gets very excited about it.

We're told to seek "Sir Godfrey" by the arm less one. The armed one is not so keen on this advice and slaps him again. Sir Godfrey may be dead. [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] asks to go and see [[Cast of Characters#^c4c891|Vladimir]].

We share a hallucination. The hall shifts to look pristine with sunlight pouring through stained glass windows. Banners of the order of the silver dragon adorn the walls. It is warm. Righteousness and Honour are in the air. [[Cast of Characters#^366a29|Argynvost]] the dragon is here. He stares at [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] with respect. He speaks.

"You are not of this land. Know this, hope is not lost." He directs his words to [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]].

Then we witness a battle between the dragon and [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]. The dragon is killed. His spirit endures. His knights linger here, they need to see the light again, and Barovia will be free.

There is a beacon on the roof. Maybe we should light it? It will bring hope to the people of Barovia.

We're invited again to go and see [[Cast of Characters#^c4c891|Vladimir]].

We follow the armed knight upstairs, and are taken to a throne room.

Lord [[Cast of Characters#^c4c891|Vladimir]] Horneguard - leader of the [[Groups#Order of the Fallen Silver Dragon|Order of the Fallen Silver Dragon]].

His armour is tarnished. He's ignoring us. 

[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] advances on the throne and calls out to him to attract his attention.
He asks about the beacon. [[Cast of Characters#^c4c891|Vladimir]] is not wild about having it re-lit.
He wants [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] to suffer and thinks lighting the beacon will stop that somehow.

[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] brandishes the oath celestial that we found and shows it to [[Cast of Characters#^c4c891|Vladimir]] after he orders us to leave. [[Cast of Characters#^c4c891|Vladimir]] demands [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] stand before him. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] starts reading from the oath - about two paragraphs in this enrages [[Cast of Characters#^c4c891|Vladimir]]. He summons six phantoms near his throne, and a fight ensues.





