[[Cast of Characters#^727c68|Dmitri]] gives a pouch to [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]], who passes it to [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]].

[[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] passes a short sword made of silver to [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] - [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] drops it after unsuccessfully trying to hide a wince.

Meet a couple on the way to the lake - we are told it is a place of healing. They also tell us that the [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] looks after the people of [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]], for better or worse, and that the abbey where he resides is both a place of hope, and of dread.

Arriving at the pool - we see it repels the ever present Barovian mists - it is surrounded by Green trees which are free of ice and snow, whilst everything else we've seen near [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]] appears locked in the depths of winter.

A nearby gazebo contains a statue to the Morning Lord. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] attempts to investigate the statue, but ends up knocking it over. From beneath where the statue stood - brilliant light erupts skyward. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] investigates the light and finds a sword hilt which projects a blade of pure sunlight. He gets a sense of overwhelming justice, vengeance and a need to smite the darkness. These are drive by the desires of the sword's original owner - [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd's]] brother [[Cast of Characters#^c102c4|Sergei]]. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] believes that [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] is the only person he knows who is proficient with a long sword, and so hands it to him. [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] is incensed that it wasn't given to her. 

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] throws the statue into the lake in a fit of pique. [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] pours bat urine into the lake. 

[[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] gives the [[Loot#^122577|sun sword]] to [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]].

[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] convinces [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] to use the [[Loot#^122577|cursed needle]] into the pond. 