On the road to [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]].

[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] chats with [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]]. 
She'd tried to infiltrate [[Locations#Castle Ravenloft|Castle Ravenloft]] (a ten day ago??) got discovered and injured whilst trying to escape.
She didn't discover any useful info whilst she was there.

[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] gives the bracelet he got from [[Cast of Characters#^565932|Davian]] to [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] so that it can be identified.

[[Cast of Characters#^f8a586|van Richten]] rescued her from an abusive family.
He left her, but then she tracked him down again two years later, and joined him.
[[Cast of Characters#^f8a586|van Richten]] had to kill his own son. (Undead?)

[[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] and he parted company on bad terms - but now she's trying to find him again.

[[Cast of Characters#^f8a586|van Richten]] ended up here - some how got the [[Groups#Vistani|Vistani]] to take him here.

As we continue into the valley before [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]] - we here wolf howls. Otherworldly wolf howls.

We have a fight with some werewolves. [[Cast of Characters#^8af613|Grond]] is bitten by one and fails his save.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] finds a giant copper coin with a wolf's head on it.

We arrive at [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]], and have to argue our way in, as the guards are unwilling to grant us entry. Whilst the argument goes on, [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] finishes identifying the bracelet [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] got - it's +1 CON. Eventually the [[Cast of Characters#^48f977|burgomaster]] turns up and orders us admitted, and escorted to the Inn for shelter. He says he wants to speak to us again in the morning.

Apparently it's not really an Inn - just somewhere they put up strangers. Warmth and food. The guard says there _is_ no Inn in town.

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] searches the room and finds some hard rations and a bronze dagger.

[[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] notices there's someone outside the door. [[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] opens it and invites him in. The guard refuses.
We settle in for a long rest. Seems we all have bad dreams of [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]] again.

We wake up to someone knocking on the door very early. A man dressed in peasant clothing clutching a spear is there. We're summoned to see the [[Cast of Characters#^48f977|burgomaster]]. The guard doesn't want to join us for breakfast. 

[[Cast of Characters#^48f977|Dmitri Krezkov]] is the name of the town's burgomaster.
[[Cast of Characters#^dabc5c|Anna Krezkov]] is his wife.

At the burgomaster's demand to know why we are here, [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] throws the wolf coin on the floor to show that we bring aid to the village by destroying the werewolves. Dmitri says this perhaps indicates we are friends after all.

[[Cast of Characters#^727c68|Dmitri]] tells us:
There is a Pool of the white sun - to the west of the village. It stays warm all year round. 
[YouTube](https://youtu.be/gAvrRykjGGU?t=8666)
  

[[Cast of Characters#^727c68|Dmitri]] tells us that there is a werewolf den to the west of [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]].
He asks "You think you worthy of [[Cast of Characters#^c102c4|Sergei's]] legacy against his brother?"
The pool holds a powerful artefact, to which he'll grant us access "if your intentions are true- though the path is not without peril."

He says that "[[Cast of Characters#^c102c4|Sergei]] was murdered by.....yes murdered" (he never finishes the sentence)
and then continues, "I believe that part of his soul seeks what radiance our morning lord can give. Perhaps you should speak to the [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]]."

[[Cast of Characters#^aaf0b6|Cub]] starts asking about herbs that are grown here, after having smelt tea when we came in.
It is by virtue of the morning lord that crops here grow without pestilence.

[[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]] claims to be completely self sufficient. [[Cast of Characters#^727c68|Dmitri]] claims the morning lord still has influence here. 
The [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] is asking the [[Cast of Characters#^48f977|burgomaster]] and his [[Cast of Characters#^dabc5c|wife]] for help. 

The [[Cast of Characters#^48f977|Burgomaster's]] son died in the last two days - they've lost all four of their children now. They died of some illness - grew sick and weak. 

There is some hope - the [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] occasionally works miracles.

"The [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] is a strange man - he appears forever youthful to our eyes. Gracious at times.  I caution you that the creatures that keep him company are strange and perverse. He seeks to help, but I believe him to be fallen - no longer divine, but corrupt." 

He doesn't want to say more, but asks us to go to the pool and then leave him in peace.

"The pool is a sacred place, the Morning Lord's Light shines upon it. Day, night or through the darkness of winter. The pool has warmth, the snow melts around it. There is a statue at the pool forever looking over it."

He won't tell us who the status is of - it's not of the morning lord. 

We're told the [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] seeks to help, yet he could be fallen - corrupted.

[[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] came to [[Locations#Krezk|Krezk]] many generations ago. He occupied the abbey, the last stronghold against the darkness of [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]. He avoids the question about what race the [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] might be, but asserts later than he is definitely not a Vampire, as he has seen him in the strongest of daylight. He offers to take the village's recently departed, and perhaps return them to life. He seeks some form of divine truth, as perverse as it may be. 

[[Cast of Characters#^ac1bb8|Saint Martikov]] held out there against [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]. Now the abbey has fallen. [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] offers to restore people to life, but any who are returned are "different".
The villagers call them the mongrel folk, contorted and twisted combinations of things. 

The [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] is preparing a gift for [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]. He wishes to release the villagers from Strahd's entanglement and intimidations.

Two things [[Cast of Characters#^727c68|Dmitri]] would ask of us:
1) We want wine. [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot]] demands it.
2) [[Cast of Characters#^dabc5c|Anna]] wants a wedding dress from [[Locations#Vallaki|Vallaki]] - for a bride for [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]. The bride is a construct of the [[Cast of Characters#^274271|Abbot's]]? The burgomaster describes the construct as "the perfect bride" for [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]].


