The remains of the druid ceremony.

[[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] climbs the tree and retrieves the gem. He places it in his backpack.
(+1 CON, Resistance to Magic Damage)
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] and [[Cast of Characters^Grond|Grond]] search the Druid bodies. Only item of note is a glowing green dagger.
[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] tries to give "Needle" to [[Cast of Characters^Cub|Cub]]. It shocks him and he gives it back.
There are three jars of healing salve divvied out to the group. (Not to [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] as it won't affect him)
We set fire to the tree, toss the corpses into the blaze, and then decide to head back to the vineyard.

We're attacked on the road by some sort of mist wraith.
It scares [[Cast of Characters^Cub|Cub]] , [[Cast of Characters^Grond|Grond]] and [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]]. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] and [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] save the day.

We end up back at the winery, and are once more unimpressed with the reception
we get there. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] has a row with [[Cast of Characters#^8145ce|Adrian]] who demands to see the gem. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] demands to see [[Cast of Characters#^565932|Davian]]. [[Cast of Characters#^8145ce|Adrian]] refuses. 

[[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] appears. She never went to [[Locations#^67299f|Vallaki]] after all. She says she also wants to see the gem. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] again refuses. [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] leaves us, seemingly disappointed [[Cast of Characters^Cub|Cub]] tells us he thinks it's not really [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]].
We agree to rest up in the barn.


