[[Cast of Characters^Grond|Grond]], [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] and [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] get woken up by [[Cast of Characters#^7c86d8|Stefania]] and invited to breakfast upstairs.

They go and have another heated discussion with the Martikovs. They make more demands of us - to go and retrieve the other gem from [[Cast of Characters#^0b9829|Baba Lysaga]]. The reward on offer is 100gp in cash (which [[Cast of Characters#^828a30|Aerin]] takes) and a cask of Red Dragon Crush worth 700gp which we can take and sell somewhere. They have confirmed that they are members of the Keepers of the Feather. [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] suddenly loses her rag in the middle of the conversation, tells us to give the gem back to the Martikovs and that we MUST follow her to [[Locations#^67299f|Vallaki]] and join forces with her master, [[Cast of Characters#^f8a586|van Richten]].

[[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] casts Identify on the gem, and finds it's apparently connected with the land, and is part of [[Cast of Characters#^3b7d6a|Strahd]]. It only affects [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] as he's a construct. [[Cast of Characters#^99283f|Clank]] gives it up and lets it be returned to [[Cast of Characters#^565932|Davian]]. 

We eat lunch with the family. There's more begging from the the [[Groups#^ededd5|KotF]] to get the other gem. [[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] still wants us to go to [[Locations#^67299f|Vallaki]].

We decide we're doing neither and head for [[Locations#^dfb5f9|Krezk]].

[[Cast of Characters#^c85e3a|Ezmerelda]] begs to accompany us. We turn her down. Again. She sets off to [[Locations#^67299f|Vallaki]] on her own. [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron]] decides she's the child of the Vistana we're supposed to be looking for. The rest of the party decide she's now [[Cast of Characters#^18e878|Kosron's]] problem.

